Update readme for relay 16.2 (#9)
loop-payments/react-router-relay: README.md

export default entryPoint;
```

#### Note for Relay < 16.2

> If you're using relay prior to 16.2.0 you won't be able to use the `@preloadable` annotation and thus won't be able to generate `$parameters` files. You can still use entrypoints but they'll need to import concrete request objects from the `.graphql` files instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using relay prior to 16.2.0 you won't be able to use the `@preloadable` annotation and thus won't be able to generate `$parameters` files. You can still use entry points, but they'll need to import concrete request objects from the `.graphql` files instead.
```
